ideas such as bait use to attract the wolf little ties until out of season
but because it interests to kill so many wolves
The recently approved management plan is based on a principle
reduce conflict is to say kill only where there
constant and significant attacks on livestock
but in some areas that principle is broken
in fountains carrionas the wolves caused damages in 2007 valued in
just over two thousand euros are data from the board of Castilla y León
However, in this area at least eleven copies were killed
denunciation of ecologists and guardians
we have the wolf in these areas as a hunting species
say that even if the damage is the minimum in this area there in
of the club of expectant margins calculated from rational use
untie of the species as as cinegetic is to say that it is
perfectly legal law I insist that your model that what is this
who has guaranteed today that the PCs to be extended to other areas do not
The law of biodiversity allows to expand hunting quotas in situations
exceptional
of repeated attacks on cattle environmental groups denounce that this
legal argument serves to justify the killing of wolves
in territories where this species is protected
as to the south of the duero
the shamelessness of this administration is that it has taken
p an order in which
that will establish some quotas directly from copies burned to kill
To the south of the duero, he already assumes that he will be able to justify the
exceptionality
i'm not saying he's going to kill no matter what happens
the controversy with the wolf never ends
the breeders suffer it in the first person
every year the predator causes damage to the cottages coded in about
three hundred thousand euros
from the application of the law of mad cow and then it has run out
carrion
and on each side to survive
the owners complain that the compensations end festival
Well, this is disappearing, but in the end, that part is not, because
since we do not want pastor is weird has not meant either
The problem we have is that our politicians
the clearest philologist
we say but they demanded the first
all this has been
not not pay with all ranchers as a prologue to chaos possible attacks
and the hunters too
rafa mora semester
I always challenge
specifically
efe to be able to decalogue
the new wolf management plan foresees new methods to accelerate the
payment for damages caused by the wolf
the purpose of the board reduce the processing time of a year or two
to six months
birds here here a small trail
blasco of 'gray wolf' here
they are quite difficult to learn from the dogs in this photo back the
saw of the snake
usually marks that an initiative that works has been launched
other areas like the park quirós all in united states
tourism around the wolf
could be an alternative to hunting and also a possibility of development
for a particularly depressed area
in this year they are more for one hundred
The city councils receive around 180 thousand euros
down the sides auction of deer and say wolves
but the potential that this has for the people who come does not kill I'm going to kill them
heaven
if not, it is infinitely superior
In the sierra de la culebra, a center for the construction of
interpretation of the Iberian wolf
the mayor of puebla de sanabria has been the maximum promoter of this idea
the town has renounced in several occasions to the money that corresponded
for the hunting of the wolf because they have a very clear idea
again worth more alive than dead
since
from
this center in your visits
we think they are not real
it's a logical step that you do not see
after summoning our armed men
who knows the wolf respects him
It is the motto of this new tourism that is why these guided tours by biologists
They teach us how their habitat are their customs and also the
traces that leaves and if luck ends the hair that everyone looks for
berta a herd freedom
what better than having them as we have them here
Carlos Menem
Stone shot of the sun is to be able to come
the speaker and be able to enjoy the islands around midnight
Tuesday
It was wonderful
Moses Rodriguez added to this the fact that
tourism could be an alternative for the wolf
an opportunity to improve your image
but before you start to question the
There are many things to fix
because while there are poachers while for the ranchers and an enemy while
continue to kill more wolves than authorized this species will continue
being on the tightrope and the wolf and man will continue to be a
threatens one for the other